Note 12.18.14 berks/chefdk compatibility reqs (#1779)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/release_notes_server.rst

* Fix for SUSE SLES-11 sysvinit install
* Removed nodejs (a build dependency that was shipped).

> .. note:: The API version bump introduces an incompatibility with older versions of Berkshelf, which means that Berkshelf >= 7.0.5 and ChefDK >= 3.2.30 should be used. If your Berkshelf uploads to Chef Server fail with ``Net::HTTPServerException: 400 "Bad Request"`` and opscode-erchef logs contain ``status=400`` and ``req_api_version=1`` in the log line for the related cookbook upload API request, you may be experiencing this incompatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Chef Server 12.18.14 introduces an incompatibility between older versions of Berkshelf and the ChefDK. We recommend using the minimum versions of  Berkshelf >= 7.0.5 and ChefDK >= 3.2.30. 
A Berkshelf upload to Chef Server failing with ``Net::HTTPServerException: 400 "Bad Request"`` and opscode-erchef logs containing ``status=400`` and ``req_api_version=1`` in the log line for the related cookbook upload API request, are strong evidence of this incompatibility.
```

* Fix for SUSE SLES-11 sysvinit install
* Removed nodejs (a build dependency that was shipped).

.. note:: Chef Server 12.18.14 introduces an incompatibility between older versions of Berkshelf and the ChefDK. We recommend using the minimum versions of  Berkshelf >= 7.0.5 and ChefDK >= 3.2.30. 

> A Berkshelf upload to Chef Server failing with ``Net::HTTPServerException: 400 "Bad Request"`` and opscode-erchef logs containing ``status=400`` and ``req_api_version=1`` in the log line for the related cookbook upload API request, are strong evidence of this incompatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This incompatibility manifests with a Berkshelf upload to Chef Server failure of ``Net::HTTPServerException: 400 "Bad Request"`` and opscode-erchef logs containing ``status=400`` and ``req_api_version=1`` in the log line for the corresponding cookbook upload API request.
```
